How to Apply
Our program uses a rolling admissions process that evaluates applications as they are submitted and returns decisions in a timely manner. Find out how to apply and see our schedule of application deadlines below.
If you have questions, please contact our Admissions team at pratt_masters@duke.edu.

Applicant Requirements
- Master of Engineering Program:
The Duke AI Master of Engineering (MEng) program is designed to be accessible to participants from a variety of engineering and science backgrounds. Applicants should have:
An undergraduate degree in science or engineering (or equivalent technical work experience if your degree is in a non-technical field), and
A minimum of one (1) semester of programming (any language), and
Sufficient DUOLINGO, IELTS, or TOEFL English Language Testing scores (official result required; international students only), and
Two (2) semesters of calculus
Prior coursework in probability and statistics and linear algebra is highly encouraged, but not required for admission.
- Graduate Certificate Program:
The Duke AI Foundations for Product Innovation Graduate Certificate is designed for working professionals with a technical or scientific background. Participants are expected to be working full-time while completing the Certificate program. Applicants should have:
An undergraduate degree in science or engineering (or equivalent technical work experience if your degree is in a non-technical field), and
A minimum of one (1) semester of programming (any language), and
Sufficient DUOLINGO, IELTS, or TOEFL English Language Testing scores (official result required; international students only), and
Two (2) semesters of calculus
International applicants - please note that this standalone certificate program does not qualify students for US visa sponsorship.
Application Checklist

Application Fee US$75
 
Paid by credit card with your application.

Documentation of your Bachelor's Degree, in engineering or science from an accredited institution:
 
Transcripts (or, for institutions not using a 4.0 system, estimated GPA and grade scale)

Other Items:
- Short Answer Essays
- Resume
- Three (3) Recommendations
- Video Introduction

International Applicants:
-English Language Testing official results

Optional for 2024 Applicants:
- Graduate Record Exam (GRE) official results, or equivalent exam

Master of Engineering Deadlines:

On-Campus Program:
Round 1: Apply by January 15th, decision by March 15th, with reply by April 15th.
Round 2: Apply by March 15th, decision by April 15th, with reply by May 1st.

Online Program:
Round 1: Apply by January 15th, decision by March 15th, with reply by April 15th.
Round 2: Apply by April 15th, decision by May 15th, with reply by June 1st.

Online Certificate Program Deadlines:
Round 1: Apply by January 15th, decision by March 15th, with reply by April 15th.
Round 2: Apply by April 15th, decision by May 15th, with reply by June 1st.
Please note: Earlier applications generally receive a quicker response.